This text is  useful for using your personal assistant aka Jarvis with any command rather than the fixed one in README file.
This is Done using NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING  WITH HELP OF OF AUTOVOICE ,IFTTT AND GOOGLE DIALOG BOX.
You can also Enable your commands using your pc by just adding autovoice extensions in chrome.

NATURAL LANGUAGE:(wiki)
Natural language programming (NLP) is an ontology-assisted way of programming in terms of natural language sentences.
 e.g. English. A structured document with Content, sections and subsections for explanations of sentences forms a NLP document,
 which is actually a computer program. Natural languages and natural language user interfaces include Inform7,
 a natural programming language for making interactive fiction, Ring, a general purpose language, 
Shakespeare, an esoteric natural programming language in the style of the plays of William Shakespeare, and Wolfram Alpha,
 a computational knowledge engine, using natural language input.

Steps:
1. Pair with bluetooth device whom you want to send commands.
2. The bluetooth will be connected to microontroller(arduino) which will perform several tasks as per our commands.For pins, refer README
3. Open the AutoVoice app for commands using natural language.
4. Add the bluetooth device in AutoVoice Devices section
5. After that, go back and click natural languages and using the references given go to dialog box of Artificial intelligence website
   and register and follow the tutorial given in app.
6. Sign in for IFTTT free account and paste the credentials of your url into the app.
7. Do the same for client token and developer acces token and apply it in app.
8. You can give voice commands from desktop as well as from app.
9. Give commands manually once and set the code to be sent from app according to code signals given below.


Now your device has the command in it.The further step is the stage where Natural Language is in the picture for processing commands.
Create and edit your commands in such a way that your device are turned on.
Eg:
If you Say "Turn on the LIGHT" or "Switch on the LIGHT" , "PLease make that LIGHT on",etc
these commands,their tasks mean the same but the words are different which can mislead the arduino.
So we have to Set our command in app such that it extracts the keyword which can directly be decoded to task's action.
In this eg, the keyword will be "on" and "light" which the natural laguage can detect and send a unique code for the same.

In this way, it can be done for all the other modules ie devices connected using autovoice powered by NLP.

The same Procedure can also be done using chrome installed in your  pc.
Even there you can Set your commands and keywords.

According to arduino code,set the code for decoded command in AutoVoice app:
//Commands:
//Turn on the light - 1
//Turn off the light - 2 
//Turn on the fan - 3 
//Turn off the fan - 4 
//Turn on the Tv - 5
//Turn off the Tv - 6
//Turn on the AC - 7 
//Turn off the AC - 8
//Open the door - 9 
//Close the door  - 0




SET unique code for each keyword With respective command and send it to bluetooth via the app.

IFTTT:
Iftt contains applets which can be connected through autovoice and ifttt app .
you can start by using already available applets and get to work by just applying it.(assumed you have logged with required credentialsby following steps.) 
Some eg are ,'turn off the bluetooth when battery is low','send an tweet when mail is recieved , etc.

Conclusion:
Artificial intelligence implemented using natural language is implemented using autovoice app and dialog box of google.

  
